Update aliases documentation with 'Brunch and learn' feedback (#390)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/front-matter/index.md

#### Versioned projects

Aliases must be relative to avoid redirecting latest content to old versions.

> This happens when a page no longer exists in latest documentation but an alias with the latest version exists in old documentation.

Reviewer: These two lines (72 -3) are confusing.  If a page no longer exists, and the alias is in an older version pointing to latest, wouldn't that result in a 404?

Author: Yeah I've found it hard to write this out.

Perhaps:

```suggestion
Aliases must be relative to avoid redirecting latest content to old versions.

If there is a page in the old documentation that has an alias that includes the version "latest", and the page referred to by that alias doesn't exist in the actual latest documentation, then Hugo creates a redirect at the page referred to by the alias.

That redirect redirects the user from latest documentation into the old documentation.
```

Reviewer: Your revision makes a whole lot more sense!

This helps a reviewer confirm that your alias works correctly.

A YAML comment starts with a hash (`#`).

For example, the following Markdown front matter snippet, in the file `new-url.md`, defines an alias to redirect `/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION/original-url/`.
The comment `# /docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/original-url/` indicates the absolute URL path.

```
---
aliases:
  - ./original-url/ # /docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/original-url/
```

##### Determine the relative alias

To determine the relative alias, you must first understand the meaning of the current directory (`.`) and parent directory (`..`) path elements when they are used at the start of an alias.

The following example redirects _`SOURCE`_ to _`DESTINATION`_ using the pages:

| Variable        | Page                                                                 |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| _`SOURCE`_      | `/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/silences/`                            |
| _`DESTINATION`_ | `/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/manage-notifications/create-silence/` |

> - The current directory element (`.`) refers to the directory containing _`DESTINATION`_.

Reviewer: This is confusing because there is no `.` in the table.   If you're giving an example, the example needs to include the `.` .

Author: I'm a little confused. Are you saying that there should be a `.` entry in the table?

I was trying to use the table to better display the source and destination URL paths. The existing paragraphs look really noisy with the preformatted URL paths.

Maybe I should rewrite this example to just demonstrate the values of `.` and `..` with a concrete page and then I can later have examples for determining the redirect between _`SOURCE`_ and _`DESTINATION`_?

Reviewer: The way you had it presented before with the smaller table, the text seemed to refer to the table.  But there was no current directory notation in the table, so it was confusing.  The table in your current version is less confusing in my opinion.

  In this example, the page `/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/manage-notifications/`.

> - The parent directory element (`..`) refers to the parent directory of the current directory element.

Reviewer: Same, this is confusing because there is no `..` in the table.   If you're giving an example, the example needs to include the `..` .

Author: I've completely rewritten this section again to see if that makes it clearer. 🤞

  In this example, the page `/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/`.

Therefore, with the alias `../silences/` in the source file for the page `/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/manage-notifications/create-silence/`, Hugo creates a redirect page at `/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/silences/`.

> <hr/>

Reviewer: What is this tag?

Author: It's a horizontal rule to separate the two bits of content. I'm glad you brought this up because I couldn't find a good way to visually separate the two examples.

Using the source and destination paths as headings seemed really clunky

Reviewer: I could see the line in the output, wasn't sure if it was intentional or maybe some sort of copy/paste error.

Author: I think this is no longer needed now thanks to the rewrite :)

The following example redirects _`SOURCE`_ to _`DESTINATION`_ using the pages:

| Variable        | Page                                              |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| _`SOURCE`_      | `/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/unified-alerting/` |
| _`DESTINATION`_ | `/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/`                  |

> - The current directory element (`.`) refers to the directory containing _`DESTINATION`_.

Reviewer: This is confusing because there is no `.` in the table.   If you're giving an example, the example needs to include the `.` .

   curl localhost:3002/docs/grafana/latest/panels/working-with-panels/
   ```

````

The output is similar to the following:

```console
<!doctype html><html><head><script>const destination="http://localhost:3002/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/panel-editor-overview/";console.log(window.location.search),document.head.innerHTML=`<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0; url=${destination}${window.location.search}"/>`</script><title>http://localhost:3002/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/panel-editor-overview/</title><link rel=canonical href=http://localhost:3002/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/panel-editor-overview/><meta name=robots content="noindex"><meta charset=utf-8><noscript><meta http-equiv=refresh content="0; url=http://localhost:3002/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/panel-editor-overview/"></noscript></head></html>

> ```

Reviewer: Not sure what's wrong here (because it looks like it's closed) but in the output, the rest of this page is included in this code block.

Author: Ah just bad auto-formatting on my part, I'll fix that in a commit.

Author: Fixed in 77e67df147fdd1e79272cac917b3d7fbc6d7df38
